What the--?
[HIMENO]
What in the world?
Arai. You went down,
so why are you up?
Oh, no! No, no! No, no, no!
Hey! Kobeni!
Put up double peace signs
'n' stay right there.
[KOBENI]
Huh?!
You're shitting me.
[gasps]
[KOBENI screams]
Whatcha think?
Got any clue, Aki?
Looks like the work
of a devil. Has to be.
Don't move a muscle, Kobeni.
[KOBENI whimpers]
Huh?
[AKI]
Why is a room on the other
side of those windows?
--[door opens]
--[KOBENI gasps]
[screams]
Hey, guys, the windows
are a total bust!
All of 'em lead to
the room across the hall!
Apparently so.
[AKI] We're stuck.
Trapped on the eighth floor.
So, just to recap,
we're currently bound
to the eighth floor,
no matter how many
times we try to leave,
and it's likely due to a devil.
[yawns]
[AKI]
The elevators are inoperable,
and there's no way out
via the rooms or windows.
Even climbing
through the ceiling
led right back to
the eighth floor.
[DENJI] Maybe this is
happening cuz Power
went and killed that one devil.
Coulda been using an ability
to trap us here when it died.
So it never turned off its--
You commanded me
to kill it, fool!
Nuh-uh!
When a devil dies,
its powers are undone as well.
That can't be it.
Speaking of which,
is the flesh piece reacting?
Not at all. In fact,
it's gone completely still.
Meaning the devil that crossed
our paths earlier was bait,
and we bit it hard.
Whatever's doing this has got
some tricks up its sleeve.
Fresh ones, too.
Okay, but if HQ doesn't
hear from us in a while,
won't they send
other Devil Hunters
as a type of search party?
Better cross all your
fingers and toes
and hope they
don't find themselves
in the same predicament as us.
Since they can't get in
and we can't get out,
everybody here is gonna die.
We'll slowly starve to death.
Stay strong, okay?
Happy thoughts!
Gotta keep living
as a Devil Hunter
to put your brother
through school, don't you?
[KOBENI] I'm not doing it
'cause I want to.
My older brother's
the gifted one
so his education is all that
matters to my parents,
which is why they
made me get a job.
It was either become
a Devil Hunter or a sex worker!
[sobs] I--I wanted
to go to college,
but I'm just going to my grave!
[POWER chuckles]
[laughs] Her face
is so priceless!
[POWER laughing]
Stop laughing! This isn't funny!
[HIMENO] Kobeni, sweetheart.
Fear is a devil's favorite food.
Be brave, or you'll
be their dinner.
But... I can't help it! [cries]
[HIMENO]
Something eating you, too, Aki?
Notice the clock?
It's read 8:18 for
a lot longer than a minute.
And it's not the only one.
All the clocks on
this floor say 8:18.
[AKI]
Based on that fact,
I think it's possible
time on the eighth floor
has been frozen
by a devil's power.
And if that's the case,
we won't be receiving any help.
[HIMENO gasps]
[DENJI] No shit?
We can sleep all we want now!
Exactly how stupid are you?
Do you not get
the gravity of our situation,
or do you just not care if
we're trapped in here forever?
What's gravity
got to do with it?
No one knows anything for sure.
When ya do, wake me up.
This bed's dope as hell.
Shouldn't waste it.
I'mma 'preciate this
devil 'n' have a nap.
[AKI]
He really fell asleep.
[HIMENO] Denji. Come on.
Out of bed, sleepyhead.
[yawns]
[DENJI]
Hm?
You guys actually manage to find
a way offa the eighth floor?
[HIMENO] Hate to break it to ya,
cupcake, but not yet.
We did learn the water and
electricity work like normal
while you were passed out.
Though, our greatest discovery
has to be the food
we found in the luggage
some guests left behind.
I won't lie, everyone's
pretty much at their wits' end.
Aki's grit has him searching
for the devil nonstop.
I told him to take a break,
but I might as well
have lectured a wall.
Arai was helping Aki at first,
but then got hit
by a panic attack.
Now, he's bundled up and
shut down in another room.
Kobeni freaked to the point of
trying to drink from a toilet
bowl, so I knocked her out.
And of course, the Fiend
you brought with you.
Is she okay?
Did something happen?
I'm thinking of ways to
win the Nobel Prize
in order to battle my boredom!
For once I have earned
such glorious esteem,
all you humans
will kowtow to me!
I'll then make
a steppingstone out of that
gilded coin and snatch
the prime minister's throne!
What better way to ensure
the suffering of lowly mortals?
And my first act
shall be to implement
a one-hundred percent sales tax!
[DENJI]
Nah, she's always like that.
[HIMENO]
Oh. Then no worries.
Let's take turns
guarding Arai and Kobeni.
I can't even take potty breaks
when it's just me.
Bummer. Down to my last cig.
I'm quite disappointed
by your calm demeanor.
I'd be much more uptight
if Aki weren't on the case.
Though there's one other factor
for my stress-free mood.
The power of nicotine!
[sighs] Gotta take the edge
off somehow, you know?
A good addiction
is about the only thing
you can depend on in life.
You smoke the same
brand that he does.
'Course he has these cigarettes!
The one who taught 'im
to savor the flavor was me!
And I'm a good teacher.
You not gonna join me
for a smoke?
[AKI]
No. Smoking rots your bones.
Great for socializing, though,
so that's an even trade.
[AKI]
I'm not looking to make friends.
I know why you joined
Public Safety.
Set on killing
the Gun Devil, right?
All of you dark and
broody types are
an open book with the same plot.
You want a piece of
that damn Gun
and we're the only ones
with actual pieces.
Us Hunters aren't long
for this world anyway.
Not like smoking's
gonna kill you.
Well, I'm not biting it
anytime soon.
[HIMENO]
I'll hold you to that.
It's a giant pain in the
you-know-what to lose a partner.
[thud]
[AKI]
The hell was that?
A smack from my old
partner's girlfriend.
Stuff like this is common with
the family and friends
of late partners.
They can't do anything
to get back at the devils,
so they take it out on us.
Sucks, but I just
consider it something
that comes with the territory.
What else can I do?
[HIMENO]
Where did you go?
I snuck up to the girl
who hit you
and stuck gum on her clothes.
Huh?
You shouldn't just
take crap like that.
And don't feel guilty either.
I was pissed, so I set out
for some payback.
It serves her right.
She's gonna waltz
around all day,
oblivious that
there's gum on her.
[HIMENO laughs]
[HIMENO] You reminded me of
something my master always said.
The kind of Hunter
a devil fears most of all
doesn't have to be strong,
or even brave for that matter.
They're the ones
with some screws loose
and no screwdrivers.
Which is why I believe you
when you say you won't die.
Was that an insult?
And more importantly,
if you aren't gonna
eat your almond tofu,
then I'm taking it.
[HIMENO]
Take this instead.
It rots your bones,
and I need mine.
Aww. I have a hunch this is
gonna be a long partnership,
so it'd be awesome
if you smoked.
I'm only smoking one.
This is the first and last
cigarette I'll ever light up.
Could really go for a smoke.
Please tell me you have some.
I'm sorry. This is
the last one I've got.
Oh, yeah? Then I get
the rest of it.
[HIMENO sighs]
Well, If you insist, you addict.
Ch-Cheater! You got an
indirect kiss for free!
Shut up.
I've got some bad news.
Remember the freak of nature
that we killed?
You mean the freak of
nature that I killed!
Well, it got bigger.
A lot bigger.
[ETERNITY DEVIL groaning]
[POWER] I could've sworn
I sliced it in twain.
It traps us in a hotel
and assumes a form like that?
What the hell kinda devil is it?
Hear me. Foolish as you are,
I pray you'll be wise enough
to accept this contract I offer.
The blob can talk?
And wants a contract, huh?
[ETERNITY DEVIL] Feed me
the human known as Denji.
Dead or alive.
Just let me eat him.
Do so, and I shall allow
the rest of you Devil Hunters
to leave here unscathed.
I won't harm
a hair on your heads
if you accept the contract!
Denji, let it eat you.
[ETERNITY DEVIL groaning]
[screams]
[gasps]
[coughs]
[ETERNITY DEVIL cackling]
Ugh, you're obnoxious.
All right, Aki. Swallow it
with your Fox Devil
and let's put an end to this.
[ETERNITY DEVIL cackles]
[AKI]
Kon.
[AKI] I had a feeling
it wouldn't show.
We're cut off from the rest
of the world, after all.
And the Fox Devil's
somewhere chilling in Kyoto.
That's fine.
My Ghost can handle this.
[ETERNITY DEVIL screams]
[gasps] It got even bigger!
[ETERNITY DEVIL]
It's futile!
The form you're attacking
is not my main body.
My heart's not even close,
because you're
inside of my stomach.
I'm practically invulnerable
on the eighth floor.
You have to make a contract
with me if you want to leave.
Liar. You ain't lettin'
anyone outta here.
Talk, talk, talk,
with no follow through.
It has to follow through.
The devil specifically said it
would be a "contract," right?
Devils are very selective
with such words
because of how much
sway they hold for them.
So if one party
makes good on the deal,
the other has no choice
but to honor it,
or else they'll perish.
It's not just shooting
off its many mouths.
We could murder you right now
and leave less than
a minute later.
[ARAI] We should kill him,
don't you think, Miss Himeno?
It would leave us down a hunter,
but at least we would be outside
where we can regroup.
If we don't, we'll end up
starving, like Kobeni said.
Hunters are legally
allowed to make
contracts with devils,
and you know it.
The wisest course of action
is to accept the offer!
Meeting a devil's demands
really strikes you as wise?
Look, it's unclear,
but a dead Denji
helps that thing somehow,
which is why we're
turning down the contract.
Welp, there ya have it, Arai.
Come on.
I am all for Team Kill Denji!
Hey!
My Nobel Prize will remain
forever out of reach
if I am unable to depart
this warped hotel!
Die for my award-winning idea!
Fiends can't make
legitimate pacts with devils.
Even if you did feed it Denji,
it wouldn't be compelled
to let us escape.
So "Team Kill Denji"
is disbanded.
We're Devil Hunters.
We only kill devils.
Ugh. Shall we wrestle
to cure our boredom?
I'm not wrestling the captain
of "Team Kill Denji"!
[ETERNITY DEVIL groaning]
[DENJI]
So hungry.
[HIMENO] Do you have
the vaguest idea for a plan
to actually get us
out of here, Aki?
If what the devil
told us is accurate,
then killing it
is off the table.
But Denji isn't dying, either.
[HIMENO] So the plan's
to sit around and starve?
I'll use the sword, should
worse really come to worst.
Like hell you will.
If a couple swipes from
your sword can fix this,
then use it. Am I right?
Nope. We aren't using it,
even if we have
no other alternatives.
I'm sorry to say this, Denji,
but you're toast
if it comes to that.
Huh?
[ARAI]
It's gone? All of it?
Our one blessing was finding
food, and now it's gone. How?
You just ate everything?
Gobbled it all up in one go?
'Twas not me.
It's Denji's doing.
Why tell me a lie
that's so obvious?
[KOBENI]
I figured it out.
I get it. I understand now.
The Fiend! Her ability is
keeping us on the eighth floor!
Right? That just has to be why!
Incorrect.
You aren't making any sense!
This is the Blood Fiend,
so calm down!
[KOBENI]
You're taking her side?
And you call yourself
a Devil Hunter?
You've been conspiring with them
all along, haven't you?
You're Arai the spy!
Ooh. There's pie?
I wouldn't work with
the devils as a spy, ever!
I know what you are!
[screams]
[ALL gasp]
Who's screaming?
[AKI]
Run! Now!
[ALL panting]
[ETERNITY DEVIL]
Kill Denji.
Give me his heart.
Give it!
I grow as your fear grows.
Your own trepidation
will be your undoing!
Let your terrors take hold!
Dread your death!
Dread everything.
The one who succeeds in
killing the Chainsaw
will be me!
The one and only Eternity Devil!
[ETERNITY DEVIL cackling]
[BOTH gasp]
[AKI]
The hall's tilting!
[KOBENI gasps]
[gasps]
[ETERNITY DEVIL cackling]
Relinquish Denji's heart to me!
[KOBENI]
Someone, please!
Anyone, just hurry up
and kill him!
Either he dies or we all do!
Deliberation time's
come and gone!
Feed him to the devil
and get it over with!
[AKI]
I'm using the sword.
Are you okay with that, Himeno?
[AKI]
No! Don't!
Whoa! Not cool!
What's the deal here, lady?
The sword is very handy,
and yes, we probably could
escape if he used its power.
But it cuts Aki's lifespan.
Every use shaves off
a huge chunk of it.
He's got way too much
to live for
to get shortchanged like that.
So I'm sorry. I really am.
[ARAI grunts]
Me, too!
Yeah? Then, get off!
[DENJI]
C'mon, man!
[POWER laughs]
Die!
[cackles]
[yells]
[gasps]
Huh?
[KOBENI gasps]
[AKI]
Sure, he's a prick,
and maybe he deserves
a good stab or two.
But this stab-worthy piece of
shit wants the Gun Devil dead.
So I need him, because I can't
end that thing by myself.
To actually pull off the kill,
I need Devil Hunters
with the guts to fight it.
As many as I can get!
If the price for that is some of
my own life, I'll pay it.
The point is I'm not
letting Denji die here!
Power! Since you're
the Blood Fiend,
can you keep him
from bleeding out?
I have total control
over my own blood,
not the blood of others.
I'm doubtful I could achieve it.
[AKI groans]
Though, if topknot
succumbs to his injury,
I suppose I'll be in need
of a new cook, yes?
Thus, I'm obligated
to try, at least.
What do we do?
What do we do now?
Aki, please tell me.
What do we do?
[gasps] It's not my fault, okay?
None of this would've happened
if it weren't for him!
You should've been good
and let it eat you!
Then everything would be fine!
Jeez. Enough already.
Guess it's snack-o-clock.
[KOBENI]
Oh, thank goodness.
But I ain't about to slide down
its throat without a fight.
So if I manage to take out
this king-sized fuckface,
I better still get my kiss.
You promised that'd
be the reward!
Have you a strategy
in mind to win?
[DENJI] It'll hurt real bad,
but I'mma use my chainsaws.
[KOBENI]
Ch-Chainsaws?
[DENJI]
Yeah, that's right.
I figured this nightmare fuel is
scared of 'em for some reason.
That's why it hasn't
messed with me head-on yet.
It wants you guys
to do it instead.
Its heart might not be here,
but it still cried out in pain
when it got attacked earlier.
Invulnerable my butt.
I'm tearin' this whiny wimp up
till it can't take it no more.
Till it wants to kill itself!
An incredibly devilish
notion, indeed.
[DENJI] I can't believe
you covered me.
Mind your own business
next time, dickhead.
I'm through owing
anybody anything.
No more debts for me.
We're even-steven
the second you're outta here!
[ETERNITY DEVIL groaning]
[ETERNITY DEVIL cackling]